Posting content to other website

1. Basically first what we need a websites that's allow us to parse and post through their HTML in this case many sites i found they have an API or they don't allow to submit forms because they are using popup and storing the data using JS and AJAX to submit the forms.

2. For thus who allow HTML parsing i noticed each has deferent fields to fill in and some of these field require min and max character input such as description fields as with this rquirement we need to modify our tables/events according to that. for the site that require API probably we need to register as developer and take a look at the API to see how we can work with it. 

3. I'm using Nokogiri for the parsing the HTML and Mechanize to login and post through ruby and the CSS selector to make it more fun. 

Tools and basic installation:

In the Gemfile i installed the following
<tt>gem 'whenever', :require => false</tt>
<tt>gem 'mechanize'</tt>
<tt>gem 'nokogiri'</tt>

Also make sure to run the command <tt>whenever .</tt> in the terminal to create for us <tt>config/schedule.rb</tt> to allow us to create the cron job that runs every hour.

I created a task called post_event in <tt>/lib/tasks/event.rake</tt> and i included the following as an example using mechanize.



  require 'mechanize'
  require 'open-uri'

  agent = Mechanize.new

  #notice here we to call get request to fetch data from the site
  agent.post("http://www.yelp.com/events/create")

  #once we
  form = agent.page.forms.first
  form.email = 'your_email'
  form.password = 'your_password'

  # The "remember me" checkbox is called "rem" this come handy ecpiecally if we don't 
  # need to login every time the cron job try to to make a post request.
  form.checkbox_with('rem').check

  #here is an example of field to fill the venue name.
  agent.page.forms[0]["venue_name"] = "118st fitness_club"

  #now we can submit the form
  home_page = form.submit

  # Navigating by links
  add_page = home_page.link_with(text: 'Add photo').click

  # We need to check first check box check(), to uncheck uncheck():
  add_page.form.checkbox_with.check

  # We need to check a first radio:
  add_page.form.radiobuttons_with(:name => 'type')[0].check

  # We need to set select list value to the first option:
  add_page.form.field_with(name: 'Mood').options[0].select

  # We need to upload file in form:
  add_page.form.file_upload.file_name = "./#{path}/#{file_name}"
  

  What we also need set of tables to represent one of these sites asthey have deferent fields and fields_names let's take example on yelp i created a table and gave it these fields 
  <tt>
  create_table "yelps", force: :cascade do |t|
    t.string   "name"
    t.datetime "starts_month_day_year"
    t.datetime "starts_time"
    t.datetime "ends_month_day_year"
    t.datetime "ends_time"
    t.string   "venue_name"
    t.string   "venue_street"
    t.string   "venue_city_state_zip"
    t.string   "event_site_url"
    t.string   "tickets_url"
    t.string   "cost"
    t.text     "description"
    t.string   "category"
    t.datetime "created_at",            null: false
    t.datetime "updated_at",            null: false
  end
  </tt>
